Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into
the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or
conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice
"without pictures or conversations?"

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
close by her.

There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh
dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!" but when the Rabbit actually took a
watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried
on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
in the world she was to get out again.

The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very
deep well.

Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what
was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
passed; it was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE", but to her great
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the
cupboards as she fell past it.

"Well!" thought Alice to herself, "after such a fall as this, I shall
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they'll all think me
at home! Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the
top of the house!"

Down, down, down. Would the fall never come to an end? "I wonder how
many miles I've fallen by this time?" she said aloud. "I must be
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth."

Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
talking again. "Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!"
"I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my dear!
I wish you were down here with me!"

Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down
it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, "Oh my ears
and whiskers, how late it's getting!" She was close behind it when she
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
from the roof.

There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
get out again.

Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice's
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!

Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get
out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright
flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head
through the doorway.

There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
time she found a little bottle on it, and round the neck of the bottle
was a paper label, with the words "DRINK ME," beautifully printed on it
in large letters.

It was all very well to say "Drink me," but the wise little Alice was
not going to do that in a hurry. "No, I'll look first," she said, "and
see whether it's marked poison or not."

However, this bottle was not marked "poison," so Alice ventured to
taste it, and finding it very nice, she very soon finished it off.

"What a curious feeling!" said Alice; "I must be shutting up like a
telescope."

And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
through the little door into that lovely garden.

After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
sat down and cried.

Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
"EAT ME" were beautifully marked in currants. "Well, I'll eat it," said
Alice, "and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll
get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!"

She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, "Which way? Which
way?" and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
size.

So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.

Curiouser and curiouser! cried Alice, she was so much surprised, that
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English; now I'm
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!

Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
key and hurried off to the garden door.

Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again. But she went
on all the same, shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large
pool all round her, about four inches deep and reaching half down the
hall.

After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a
great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, "Oh! the Duchess, the
Duchess! Oh! won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!" Alice felt
so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, "If you please,
sir." The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and
the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.

Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: "Dear, dear! How
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
I wonder if I've been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
same when I got up this morning?"

As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while
she was talking. "How can I have done that?" she thought. "I must be
growing small again." She got up and went to the table to measure
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly.

As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment,
splash! she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that
she had somehow fallen into the sea; however, she soon made out that
she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine feet
high.

Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
slipped in like herself.

"Would it be of any use, now," thought Alice, "to speak to this mouse?
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
likely it can talk: at any rate, there's no harm in trying." So she
began: "O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
of swimming about here, O Mouse!"

The Mouse looked at her rather inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink
with one of its little eyes, but it said nothing.

It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.

They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank the
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.

The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if
she had known them all her life.

At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
called out, "Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! I'll soon make you
dry enough!" They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse
in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.

The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.

"You promised to tell me your history, you know," said Alice, "and why
it is you hate cats and dogs."

"Mine is a long and a sad tale!" said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
sighing.

The Mouse only growled in reply.

It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
it muttering to itself "The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
my fur and whiskers! She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
ferrets! Where can I have dropped them, I wonder?" Alice guessed in a
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but
they were nowhere to be seen everything seemed to have changed since
her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the
little door, had vanished completely.

Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
called out to her in an angry tone, "Why, Mary Ann, what are you doing
out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a
fan! Quick, now!" And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at
once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
mistake it had made.

By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
in the window, and on it a fan and two or three pairs of tiny white kid
gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves, and was just
going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little bottle that
stood near the looking-glass. There was no label this time with the
words "DRINK ME," but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her
lips.

It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken.

Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.

Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it,
that attempt proved a failure.

"That you won't!" thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass.

She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together.

Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
head. "If I eat one of these cakes," she thought, "it's sure to make
some change in my size."

So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get
through the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of
little animals and birds waiting outside.

The first thing I've got to do, said Alice to herself, as she wandered
about in the wood, is to grow to my right size again; and the second
thing is to find my way into that lovely garden.

An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. "Poor little
thing!" said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
it; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it
might be hungry.

This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath,
and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.

There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
was on the top of it.

She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large blue
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly
smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of
anything else.

The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and
addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.

"Who are you?" said the Caterpillar.

This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
rather shyly, "I hardly know, sir, just at present at least I know who
I was when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been changed
several times since then."

"What do you mean by that?" said the Caterpillar sternly. "Explain
yourself!"

"I can't explain myself, I'm afraid, sir," said Alice, "because I'm not
myself, you see."

"I don't see," said the Caterpillar.

"What size do you want to be?" it asked.

"Oh, I'm not particular as to size," Alice hastily replied; "only one
doesn't like changing so often, you know."

"You'll get used to it in time," said the Caterpillar; and it put the
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.

Then it got down off the mushroom, and crawled away in the grass,
merely remarking as it went, "One side will make you grow taller, and
the other side will make you grow shorter."

"One side of what? The other side of what?" thought Alice to herself.

"Of the mushroom," said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.

Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute,
trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was
perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at
last she stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke
off a bit of the edge with each hand.

She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly.

As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head,
she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that
her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent.

"Serpent!" screamed the Pigeon.

"I'm not a serpent!" said Alice indignantly. "Let me alone!"

"Serpent, I say again!" repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued
tone, and added with a kind of sob, "I've tried every way, and nothing
seems to suit them!"

"I haven't the least idea what you're talking about," said Alice.

"I've tried the roots of trees, and I've tried banks, and I've tried
hedges," the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; "but those
serpents! There's no pleasing them!"

"I'm very sorry you've been annoyed," said Alice, who was beginning to
see its meaning.

"I—I'm a little girl," said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
the number of changes she had gone through that day.

"A likely story indeed!" said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
contempt.

It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
and began talking to herself, as usual. "Come, there's half my plan
done now! How puzzling all these changes are!"

For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
wood and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened by
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
frog.

The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
saying, in a solemn tone, "For the Duchess. An invitation from the
Queen to play croquet."

Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.

"There's no sort of use in knocking," said the Footman, "and that for
two reasons. First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you
are; secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one could
possibly hear you."

"How am I to get in?" asked Alice again, in a louder tone.

"Are you to get in at all?" said the Footman. "That's the first
question, you know."

The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.

"Please would you tell me," said Alice, a little timidly, "why your cat
grins like that?"

"It's a Cheshire cat," said the Duchess, "and that's why. Pig!"

"If everybody minded their own business," the Duchess said in a hoarse
growl, "the world would go round a deal faster than it does."

"Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!" the Duchess said to Alice,
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. "I must go and get ready to play
croquet with the Queen," and she hurried out of the room.

Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions, just
like a star-fish, thought Alice.

This time there could be no mistake about it: it was neither more nor
less than a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to
carry it further.

So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it
trot away quietly into the wood. "If it had grown up," she said to
herself, "it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
rather a handsome pig, I think." And she was a little startled by
seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off.

The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
thought: still it had very long claws and a great many teeth, so she
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.

"Cheshire Puss," she began, rather timidly, "Would you tell me, please,
which way I ought to go from here?"

"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat.

"I don't much care where—" said Alice.

"Then it doesn't matter which way you go," said the Cat.

"In that direction," the Cat said, waving its right paw round, "lives a
Hatter: and in that direction," waving the other paw, "lives a March
Hare. Visit either you like: they're both mad."

"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked.

"Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad.
You're mad."

"How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice.

"You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."

There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head.

The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
one corner of it: "No room! No room!" they cried out when they saw
Alice coming. "There's plenty of room!" said Alice indignantly, and she
sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.

"Have some wine," the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.

Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
"I don't see any wine," she remarked.

"There isn't any," said the March Hare.

"Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it," said Alice angrily.

"Your hair wants cutting," said the Hatter.

"You should learn not to make personal remarks," Alice said with some
severity; "it's very rude."

The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he said
was, "Why is a raven like a writing-desk?"

"What day of the month is it?" he said, turning to Alice: he had taken
his watch out of his pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it
every now and then, and holding it to his ear.

"What a funny watch!" she remarked. "It tells the day of the month, and
doesn't tell what o'clock it is!"

"Why should it?" muttered the Hatter. "Does your watch tell you what
year it is?"

The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. "I wasn't asleep," he said in a
hoarse, feeble voice: "I heard every word you fellows were saying."

"Tell us a story!" said the March Hare.

"Once upon a time there were three little sisters," the Dormouse began
in a great hurry; "and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
they lived at the bottom of a well."

"At any rate I'll never go there again!" said Alice as she picked her
way through the wood. "It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in
all my life!"

A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
painting them red.

"Would you tell me," said Alice, a little timidly, "why you are
painting those roses?"

First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like the
three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did.

"Who is this?" She said it to the Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and
smiled in reply.

"My name is Alice, so please your Majesty," said Alice very politely;
but she added, to herself, "Why, they're only a pack of cards, after
all. I needn't be afraid of them!"

The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
moment like a wild beast, screamed "Off with her head! Off—"

"Nonsense!" said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
silent.

The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said "Consider, my
dear: she is only a child!"

"Are their heads off?" shouted the Queen.

"Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!" the soldiers shouted
in reply.

"That's right!" shouted the Queen. "Can you play croquet?"

Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in her
life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the
mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up
and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.

The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time
the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
shouting "Off with his head!" or "Off with her head!" about once in a
minute.

"How are you getting on?" said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
enough for it to speak with.

"I don't think they play at all fairly," Alice began, in rather a
complaining tone, "and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear
oneself speak."

"How do you like the Queen?" said the Cat in a low voice.

"Not at all," said Alice: "she's so extremely—"

"Who are you talking to?" said the King, going up to Alice, and looking
at the Cat's head with great curiosity.

"It's a friend of mine—a Cheshire Cat," said Alice: "allow me to
introduce it."

"I don't like the look of it at all," said the King: "however, it may
kiss my hand if it likes."

"I'd rather not," the Cat remarked.

"A cat may look at a king," said Alice.

"Well, it must be removed," said the King very decidedly.

"Off with his head!" she said, without even looking round.

The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a head unless
there was a body to cut it off from.

The King's argument was, that anything that had a head could be
beheaded, and that you weren't to talk nonsense.

The Queen's argument was, that if something wasn't done about it in
less than no time she'd have everybody executed, all round.

"You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!"
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's,
and they walked off together.

"Tut, tut, child!" said the Duchess. "Everything's got a moral, if only
you can find it."

"I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your waist,"
the Duchess said after a pause: "the reason is, that I'm doubtful about
the temper of your flamingo."

"Have you seen the Mock Turtle yet?"

"No," said Alice. "I don't even know what a Mock Turtle is."

"It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from," said the Queen.

They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. "Up,
lazy thing!" said the Queen, "and take this young lady to see the Mock
Turtle, and to hear his history."

The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. "What fun!" said the Gryphon,
half to itself, half to Alice.

They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break.

"Once," said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, "I was a real
Turtle."

"When we were little," the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
"we went to school in the sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to
call him Tortoise."

"Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?" Alice asked.

"We called him Tortoise because he taught us," said the Mock Turtle
angrily: "really you are very dull!"

"We had the best of educations—in fact, we went to school every day."

"What was that?" inquired Alice.

"Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with," the Mock Turtle
replied; "and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision."

"And how many hours a day did you do lessons?" said Alice.

"Ten hours the first day," said the Mock Turtle: "nine the next, and so
on."

"That's the reason they're called lessons," the Gryphon remarked:
"because they lessen from day to day."

The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
two sobs choked his voice.

"You may not have lived much under the sea and perhaps you were never
even introduced to a lobster so you can have no idea what a delightful
thing a Lobster Quadrille is!"

"No, indeed," said Alice. "What sort of a dance is it?"

"Why," said the Gryphon, "you first form into a line along the
sea-shore."

"Would you like to see a little of it?" said the Mock Turtle.

"Very much indeed," said Alice.

"Come, let's try the first figure!" said the Mock Turtle to the
Gryphon. "We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?"

"Oh, you sing," said the Gryphon. "I've forgotten the words."

"Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch," said Alice,
feeling very glad that it was over at last.

"I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning," said
Alice a little timidly: "but it's no use going back to yesterday,
because I was a different person then."

"Explain all that," said the Mock Turtle.

"No, no! The adventures first," said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
"explanations take such a dreadful time."

So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
saw the White Rabbit.
